feat: add dependency management (#143)
Azure/terraform-azurerm-avm-ptn-alz: _header.md

}
```

### `var.dependencies`

This variable is used as a workaround for the lack of support for `depends_on` in the ALZ provider.

> Place values into this variable to ensure that policies and policy role assignmetns do nto get created until dependent resources are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place values into this variable to ensure that policies and policy role assignments do not get created until dependent resources are available.
```
